A typical day for a cryptologist is to spend eight hours of that day on
what they call watch, which means your duty station would be to go
into your office or your facility or your bunker and you would have
some duties of analyzing data that you had received in producing reports.
You would do that for eight hours without break, if you needed
to have food the food would be brought to you on station and then
at the end of that eight hours you would have typically sixteen hours
off. But in most combat or other kinds of emergency situations you
would work up to twelve hours a day doing your technical job. When
your state side, your duty would probably be like four to six hours
today with a lot of off time a lot of slack time to make up for the
extra time we had to put in when you were in a combat situation or deployed
overseas